In this project we were exploring the possibility of creating an application that is a useful asset to  the learning process at GJP. The goal of the application was to create a tool that could help  students and other users learn about our indigenous and other interesting species of trees in  Tivoli park and stimulate their love of trees. The core of our application are photographs and  descriptions of the plants. Besides the map of trees the application contains interesting and  educational quizzes. During the process of building the project we learned about the workflow  of creating a product of this scale. The research "Tivoli in the Cloud" represents and implements  the basic steps in the design and development of mobile applications intended for a wide range of  users with special emphasis on learning about physical space and its givens. It offers  significantly more than scrolling the screen and wasting valuable time on fruitless tasks in the  sense of “just to pass the time”. It invites us out there, where we meet the real space and its  phenomena, where we become active participants in this space. During the research faced the  real challenges of ICT, where the selection of appropriate tools, learning about algorithms and  programming knowledge are only part of the solution. An important part of our research effort  was devoted to the methodology of data collection and maintenance. For all levels of data  collection, editing and maintenance, we have determined the most appropriate procedures that  significantly contribute to work efficiency. The result of the research project is, on the one hand,  a smartphone application and, on the other hand, an application database in which tree data is  stored. While not visible at first glance, just by replacing the database of our application, it may  be used in many different ways, rather than just this specific task it was made for. We consider  that an important achievement of our research work
